the brush belongs to the past
today there is a bowl
the new spray guns with bosh and spray technology simplify control
interior and exterior painting operations
you can apply protective paints for wood paints
transparent base coats and much more
with epic bosh spray guns or is applied with a speed
three times higher than a brush and save money
up to 15% color
it is useless to look for races with a spray gun clutch bag if it always holds one
uniform surface is sufficient to fill the tank dilute if necessary
that the spray gun is ready for use
i adjustable freezer allows to obtain a horizontal jet
vertical
I concentrated
practical even after spraying
The SDS system guarantees a simple and beautiful pussy cleaning
it
the pfs 55 the spray gun of ideal for small painting jobs
medium voltage at home and in the garden it
its integrated regulation of the amount of brood may be
operated in a simple way and without any interruption directly from the
switch
if you want to stop work even briefly the pfs 55 can
be placed securely in the parking position
spray a fun with the pfs 55 spray gun of bosh
the pfs 65 enkompass is easily transportable
thanks to the practical sds system it can be used very quickly
just find it connect the hose
and insert the plug
at this point it is possible to comfortably carry the tool on the shoulder
denying the device for adjusting the amount of paint dispensed is
You can set the amount of paint to spray in 4 states thanks
at the reduced weight of the spray gun it is possible not only to spray comfortably
also for a long time but also to carry out work on the ceiling without straining the shapes
allow you to make decorations according to the model your imagination
gives more limit
spray comfortably anywhere with the 65 pfs spray gun
the pfs 105 is the transportable flexible spray gun with adjustment
airflow electronics
the pfs 105 cv has a stowage system for the hose and the
cable simply open the cover, remove the hose and connect it
the gun can instead of put on the tool cover the tool can
be moved anywhere in a simple and comfortable way thanks to the wheels thanks to the
reduced weight of the gun you can not only spray comfortably for a long time
but also perform ceiling work without straining hose games
more than three meters of air is itunes for freedom of movement is
therefore it allows to work in a particularly comfortable way in different
positions
great power for large surfaces with the pfs 105 box spray gun
the pratello belongs to the past
today checkbox
the best DIY projects on www.borse - touch - ist. coma clutch bag
technology for life